good thing is getting married is already a whole
topic
others renew the tastes and asia and in the
little time seems to be how is the
history a couple in rionegro se
they married in the civil registry but
Then they decided to renew their vows
matrimonials above a flight of
Austral sent a letter to the company
requesting authorization immediately be
he told them that if they got on the plane and this
is what was happening
[Music]
[Applause]
do not have the best of luck in
this new flight will inherit their lives
where there will surely be clouds and turbulence
but always with a destination full of
happiness and rod will have bruno and
that those three what will marry today to
35,000 feet high here and they're going to
tell bruno that they will tell their
relatives of how this moment was
good the truth that it is going to be a
compilation of photos images videos that
I think that he is also going to be a
little of
click to take the life of another
way
and to think that sometimes things go through
other side
and this fact of leaving it this way
I think it also has another taste
that we have to find life
[Music]
no, no one can think of it and they do
as big as this team and it meant
for you that a man has given you
so much emotion so much happiness for
a voice renovation
besides being romantic this is very
structured and correct and it has to be
all perfect and this time it came out
completely
and he did it for me also to line it
austral to all personnel that direct or
indirectly participated in this without
effort
is a group the truth that has worked
intensely in this objective that has been
compliment
and a wedding is done in the air at
less in Argentina but formosa you would say
of high flight can be thought
can advance to the commander if you want
as well
You have to explain that you are a fanatic
you are a fan of airplanes
unfortunately since he was little he had to
to be operated on by the eyes and this
it made it impossible to become a pilot
good for this reason is that he decided
get married after marrying by civilian to
35,000 feet high said the pilot well
that's how the best driver said